I recently discovered I could make fudge with just chocolate chips, sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract, and a thick pot on slow heat. 
I tried it with dark chocolate chunks and I tried it with semi-sweet chocolate chips. 
It's better with both kinds. It comes out pretty bad with just the dark chocolate. 
The best add-ins are crushed almonds and marshmallows -- what you get from that is Rocky Road. 
It takes about twenty minutes from start to fridge, and then it takes about six months to work off the twenty pounds you gain from eating it. 
All things in moderation, friends. All things in moderation.
Have you ever wondered about toes? Why 10 toes and not 12. 
Why are some bigger than others? Some people can use their toes to pick up things while others can barely move them on command. 
Some toes are nice to look at while others are definitely not something you want to look at. 
Toes can be stubbed and make us scream. Toes help us balance and walk. 10 toes are just something to ponder.
It was their first date and she had been looking forward to it the entire week. 
She had her eyes on him for months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme with several friends to make it happen, but he'd finally taken the hint and asked her out. 
After all the time and effort she'd invested into it, she never thought that it would be anything but wonderful. 
It goes without saying that things didn't work out quite as she expected.
The piano sat silently in the corner of the room. Nobody could remember the last time it had been played. 
The little girl walked up to it and hit a few of the keys. The sound of the piano rang throughout the house for the first time in years. 
In the upstairs room, confined to her bed, the owner of the house had tears in her eyes.
It was going to rain. The weather forecast didn't say that, but the steel plate in his hip did. 
He had learned over the years to trust his hip over the weatherman. It was going to rain, so he better get outside and prepare.
Her mom had warned her. She had been warned time and again, but she had refused to believe her. 
She had done everything right and she knew she would be rewarded for doing so with the promotion. 
So when the promotion was given to her main rival, it not only stung, it threw her belief system into disarray. 
It was her first big lesson in life, but not the last.
There were little things that she simply could not stand. The sound of someone tapping their nails on the table. 
A person chewing with their mouth open. Another human imposing themselves into her space. 
She couldn't stand any of these things, but none of them compared to the number one thing she couldn't stand which topped all of them combined.
Mary had to make a decision and she knew that whatever decision she made, it would upset someone. 
It seemed like such a silly reason for people to get upset but she knew the minute that she began to consider doing it that there was no way everyone in her life would be pleased with what she ultimately decided to do. 
It was simply a question of who she would rather displease most. While this had always been her parents, and especially her mom, in the past that she tried to keep from upsetting, she decided that this time the person she was going to please the most with her decision was herself.